---
title: ""
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---
# Publications Refereed [(Google Scholar Profile)](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=OO3dy4wAAAAJ&hl=en)
1. <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Weijun Xie, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Clustered Discriminant Regression for High Dimensional Data Feature Extraction and Its Applications in Healthcare and Additive Manufacturing.</span></b> <i>IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering</i> (2020) <br> [[Paper]](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9237105)
2. <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Rongxuan Wang, Andrew Chung Chee Law, Rakesh Kamath, Hahn Choo, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Super Resolution for Multi-Sources Image Stream Data Using Smooth and Sparse Tensor Completion and Its Applications in Data Acquisition of Additive Manufacturing.</span></b> <i>Technometrics</i> (2021) <br>[[Paper]](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00401706.2021.1905074)
     * Finalists for INFORMS QSR Best Refereed Paper Competition
     * Second place of poster competition in INFORMS & HFES Student Poster Competition, ISE, Virginia Tech, 2019
3. <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Rakesh Kamath, Hahn Choo, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Robust Tensor Decomposition based Background/Foreground Separation in Noisy Videos and Its Applications in Additive Manufacturing.</span></b> Revision at <i>IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering.</i> (2021) <br>[[Preprint]](https://www.techrxiv.org/articles/preprint/Robust_Tensor_PCA_based_Background_Foreground_Separation_in_Noisy_Videos_and_Its_Applications_in_Additive_Manufacturing/14561775/2)
4. <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Raghav Gnanasambandam, Rongxuan Wang, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Multi-Task Gaussian Process Upper Confidence Bound for Hyperparameter Tuning.</span></b> Revision at <i>IISE Transactions.</i> (2021)
5. Maede Maftouni, Andrew Chung Chee Law, <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Yanze Zhou, Niloofar Ayoobi Yazdi, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">A Robust Ensemble-Deep Learning Model for COVID-19 Diagnosis based on an Integrated CT Scan Images Database.</span></b> <i>Conference: Proceedings of the 2021 IISE Annual Conference</i> <br>[[Paper]](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/352296409_A_Robust_Ensemble-Deep_Learning_Model_for_COVID-19_Diagnosis_based_on_an_Integrated_CT_Scan_Images_Database)
     * Runner-up for INFORMS QSR Industry Data Challenge
     * Second place of poster competition in INFORMS & HFES Student Poster Competition, ISE, Virginia Tech, 2020

# Publications in Preparation
6. <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Weijun Xie, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Robust Tensor Principal Component Analysis: Formulation, Algorithm, and Applications.</span></b> to be submitted to <i>Journal of Machine Learning Research.</i> (2021)
7. <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b> and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">A Novel Anomaly Discovery Method and its Applications in Minimizing Measurement Cost in Advanced Manufacturing.</span></b> to be submitted to <i>IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence.</i> (2021)
8. Jihoon Chung, <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Andrew Chung Chee Law, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Reinforcement Learning based Process Knowledge Transfer for Quality Assurance of Additive Manufacturing.</span></b> to be submitted to <i>IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering.</i> (2021)
9. Jihoon Chung, <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Sparse Bayesian Learning with Prior Knowledge and Temporally Correlated Solution Vectors with Application to Fault Diagnosis in Multi station Assembly Systems.</span></b> to be submitted to <i>Journal of Manufacturing Systems.</i> (2021)
10. Maede Maftouni, <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Andrew Chung Chee Law, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">A Mask-guided Attention Deep Learning Model for COVID-19 Diagnosis based on an Integrated CT Scan Images Database.</span></b> to be submitted to <i>IISE Transactions on Healthcare Systems Engineering.</i> (2021)
11. Maede Maftouni, <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Andrew Chung Chee Law, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Attention-based Video Object Segmentation of Melting Pool.</span></b> to be submitted to <i>IISE Transactions.</i> (2021)
12. Raghav Gnanasambandam, <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Bayesian Optimization Using Deep Gaussian Process with its Application in Process Optimization for Additive Manufacturing.</span></b> to be submitted to <i>ASME Trans. Journal of Manufacturing Science and Engineering.</i> (2021)
13. Rongxuan Wang, David Garcia, <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b>, Xiaohan Ma, Rakesh Kamath, Hahn Choo, and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">In-process Multi-physical Melt Pool Characteristics Sensing and Data Correlation in Laser Powder Bed Fusion.</span></b> 
14. <b><ins>Bo Shen</ins></b> and Zhenyu (James) Kong. <b><span style="color:RoyalBlue">Federated Learning in Additive Manufacturing.</span></b> Ongoing Work
